pm/ROADMAP.md, before:

---
description: A timeline of key milestones and upcoming features or releases.
---

# Roadmap

## Contract

- **`vx.x.x-x`**:

- **Pre-releases (`vx.x.x-x`)**:
  - Examples: `v0.1.0-0`
  - Pre-releases can be accessed at [preview.thal.9aia.com](https://preview.thal.9aia.com)
  - The preview may break or change often
  - Used for testing ideas and polishing UX before release
  - Used for gathering feedback
  - Data may be deleted without warning
  - Deployed on temporary environments
  - Free to try

- **Public Releases (`vx.x.x`)**:
  - Examples: `v0.1.0`
  - Releases can be accessed at [thal.9aia.com](https://thal.9aia.com)
  - Released on the main domain for broader public access
  - Payment systems will be fully operational (no sandbox mode)

## Phases

### Fundamentals

- User Accounts (Sign in, Manage Account, Subscribe)
- Character Management (Discover, Manage)
- Chats
- Basic Language Assistance (Message Translation, Input Fix, Listen to Message)
- Contacts
- Basic Moderation
- Basic Support & Legal (Feedback Form, Terms & Privacy)
- Site (Landing Page)

### Expansion

#### Language Assistance

- Implement message corrector
- Add male voice
- Add suggestions in chat
- Add modal "Dictionary"/reference (plural forms, conjugation, participles)
- Add assistant
  - Add a help request item in the header menu (AI-driven).
  - Add settings to adjust AI helper responses.
- Stream translation

#### Generative Character Building

- Generate a character from a framework (asking the learning goals, interests, occupation and observations)
- "Surprise Me" feature for auto-generated character based on "about me" textarea
- Display character configured instructions
  - Add "Keep Character instructions private" to Character Builder
- Fork characters
- Add character edit button (if its yours) to contact options
- Add recently created section in new chat view
- Add profile photos (generate or upload)

#### Support

- Add report button (open modal) to contact options
- Add intuitive placeholders to fields
- Add length indicator to fields
- Add help center
  - Add FAQ
  - Add troubleshooting tips
  - Add contact us info
  - Add onboarding guide
  - Add "About Thal" in help section in settings
  - Add "App Info" (app name, icon, version, author, licenses)
- Add a warning for renaming character usernames
- Open character info by clicking on the AI warning item in the contact view
- Add "Export account data"
- Delete account data

#### Sharing

- Add contact QR code
- Add character visibility option instead of just discoverability
  - Prevent private character actions in any request
  - Prevent private character to be accessed in URL
- List private character from contact list in a different section
- Share character card (WhatsApp, X, Facebook, etc)
- Send message via URL query
- Display character author in the contact view and item in discover character route
- Add a top absolute toast "Share your invite code with friends" and menu option "Invite"

#### Multiplayer

- Public profile
- Person-person chats
- Blocks

#### Groups

- Groups of 1 character and max of 5 people
- Groups

#### Communities

- Add communities

Commit message:

pm: update roadmap and todo documentation for clarity and structure
- Revised the roadmap to better categorize release types: Preview Releases, Early Access Releases, and Public Releases.
- Enhanced descriptions for each release type to improve user understanding.
- Updated TODO list to include information about early access in user notifications and clarified deployment steps for production.

pm/ROADMAP.md, after:

---
description: A timeline of key milestones and upcoming features or releases.
---

# Roadmap

## Contract

**`vx.x.x-x`**:

### Preview Releases

- Template: `vx.x.x-x`
- Example: `v0.1.0-0`
- Can be accessed at [preview.thal.9aia.com](https://preview.thal.9aia.com)
- The preview may break or change often
- Used for testing ideas and polishing UX before release
- Used for gathering feedback
- Data may be deleted without warning
- Deployed on temporary environments
- Free to try

### Early Access Releases

- Template: `vx.x.x` below `v1.0.0`
- Example: `v0.2.0`
- Can be accessed at [thal.9aia.com](https://thal.9aia.com)
- Released on the main domain for broader public access
- Payment systems will be fully operational (no sandbox mode)

### Public Releases

- Template: `vx.x.x`
- Example: `v1.0.0`
- Can be accessed at [thal.9aia.com](https://thal.9aia.com)
- Released on the main domain for broader public access
- Payment systems will be fully operational (no sandbox mode)

## Phases

### Fundamentals

- User Accounts (Sign in, Manage Account, Subscribe)
- Character Management (Discover, Manage)
- Chats
- Basic Language Assistance (Message Translation, Input Fix, Listen to Message)
- Contacts
- Basic Moderation
- Basic Support & Legal (Feedback Form, Terms & Privacy)
- Site (Landing Page)

### Expansion

#### Language Assistance

- Implement message corrector
- Add male voice
- Add suggestions in chat
- Add modal "Dictionary"/reference (plural forms, conjugation, participles)
- Add assistant
  - Add a help request item in the header menu (AI-driven).
  - Add settings to adjust AI helper responses.
- Stream translation

#### Generative Character Building

- Generate a character from a framework (asking the learning goals, interests, occupation and observations)
- "Surprise Me" feature for auto-generated character based on "about me" textarea
- Display character configured instructions
  - Add "Keep Character instructions private" to Character Builder
- Fork characters
- Add character edit button (if its yours) to contact options
- Add recently created section in new chat view
- Add profile photos (generate or upload)

#### Support

- Add report button (open modal) to contact options
- Add intuitive placeholders to fields
- Add length indicator to fields
- Add help center
  - Add FAQ
  - Add troubleshooting tips
  - Add contact us info
  - Add onboarding guide
  - Add "About Thal" in help section in settings
  - Add "App Info" (app name, icon, version, author, licenses)
- Add a warning for renaming character usernames
- Open character info by clicking on the AI warning item in the contact view
- Add "Export account data"
- Delete account data

#### Sharing

- Add contact QR code
- Add character visibility option instead of just discoverability
  - Prevent private character actions in any request
  - Prevent private character to be accessed in URL
- List private character from contact list in a different section
- Share character card (WhatsApp, X, Facebook, etc)
- Send message via URL query
- Display character author in the contact view and item in discover character route
- Add a top absolute toast "Share your invite code with friends" and menu option "Invite"

#### Multiplayer

- Public profile
- Person-person chats
- Blocks

#### Groups

- Groups of 1 character and max of 5 people
- Groups

#### Communities

- Add communities
