pm/SUGGESTIONS.md, before:

---
description: A collection of ideas and feedback from stakeholders or team members.
---

# Suggestions

## Features

- Add official characters
- Add conversation starters
- Add male voice
- Implement translations on deleted characters
- Add a "My Characters" link in Discover Characters
- Add different plans: (individual), family, business and school
- Add personal vocabulary lists that the chatbot can incorporate into the convo
- Add message suggestion generator with a input to prompt (useful for generating from an idea)
- Add next message suggestions (2-4 options)
- Add contexts/scenarios (place, time, etc.) where users and characters can be in
  - Discover context
  - Add context to chat, character or user
- Add onboarding (custom character)
- Add contact view for non-existing characters
- Add active messages (characters send messages when user is offline)
- Get a custom domain
- Chat with drafts
- Add bot difficulty (basic, intermediate, advanced)
  - Discover with filter by difficulty?
  - Set difficulty automatically
  - Global setting?
- Support multiple messages when user is offline
- Add suggested characters in "New chat" drawer
- Add character trash
- Credit system instead of subscription
- Add app tour (like ArkUI)
- Add activities like minigames
- Add actions (simulations), such as payment
- Add Spanish and/or other languages
- ---
- Create a character from saved text or from translated text
- Saving text for later
- Share chat from message, and continue
- ---
- Add "read more" to long messages
- Allowed users to change wallpaper
- Add keyboard shortcuts
- Add login from QR code
- Add emoji selector
- Add message reactions
- Add chat item option "Mark as unread"
- Starred messages
- Disappearing messages
- Add Archived
- Add Favorites
- Add Pins
- Add Avatars
- Add multiple authentication accounts to the same account
- Add search in chat

## Bugs

- Clearing chats shouldn't clear message history

## Enhancements

- Improve empty contact list fallback

Commit message:

fix: update account deactivation modal text for clarity
- Revised the warning message in the Account Deactivate Modal to provide clearer information about account hiding and subscription status.
- Removed outdated phrasing and improved user understanding of the reactivation process.
- Introduced new translations for clearing chat history and related user prompts in Portuguese.
- Updated the account deactivation modal text to provide clearer information about account status and reactivation options.

pm/SUGGESTIONS.md, after:

---
description: A collection of ideas and feedback from stakeholders or team members.
---

# Suggestions

## Features

- Add official characters
- Add conversation starters
- Add male voice
- Implement translation mechanism fallback on deleted characters and inform bad performance
- Add a "My Characters" link in Discover Characters
- Add different plans: (individual), family, business and school
- Add personal vocabulary lists that the chatbot can incorporate into the convo
- Add message suggestion generator with a input to prompt (useful for generating from an idea)
- Add next message suggestions (2-4 options)
- Add contexts/scenarios (place, time, etc.) where users and characters can be in
  - Discover context
  - Add context to chat, character or user
- Add onboarding (custom character)
- Add contact view for non-existing characters
- Add active messages (characters send messages when user is offline)
- Get a custom domain
- Chat with drafts
- Add bot difficulty (basic, intermediate, advanced)
  - Discover with filter by difficulty?
  - Set difficulty automatically
  - Global setting?
- Support multiple messages when user is offline
- Add suggested characters in "New chat" drawer
- Add character trash
- Credit system instead of subscription
- Add app tour (like ArkUI)
- Add activities like minigames
- Add actions (simulations), such as payment
- Add Spanish and/or other languages
- ---
- Create a character from saved text or from translated text
- Saving text for later
- Share chat from message, and continue
- ---
- Add "read more" to long messages
- Allowed users to change wallpaper
- Add keyboard shortcuts
- Add login from QR code
- Add emoji selector
- Add message reactions
- Add chat item option "Mark as unread"
- Starred messages
- Disappearing messages
- Add Archived
- Add Favorites
- Add Pins
- Add Avatars
- Add multiple authentication accounts to the same account
- Add search in chat

## Bugs

- Clearing chats shouldn't clear message history

## Enhancements

- Improve empty contact list fallback
