pm/TODO.md, before:

---
description: Tasks and items for the release.
---

# TODO

- Deal with expired plan on client
- Deal with expired plan on the server (should have a plan and not expired to be allowed to use)
- Translate

## 0.1.0-6

- Translate character data to english
  - Action to translate character data
- Add moderation
  - Create community guidelines
    - Add community guidelines link to the "Character Builder", chats and settings
  - Give safety feedback on character create/edit
  - Give safety feedback on message send/receive
  - Give safety feedback on fields
  - Add safety inflation flags and strikes
    - Assigning each user a unique ID and imposing a limit on the volume of user queries that can be submitted in a given period
- Fix last dropdown position
- Fix DB on build pre-render
- Check LocaleModal toast translation
- Infinite scroll not working on big screens in Discover characters
- Polish design system

## 0.1.0-7

- Add more characters pre-created
- Update terms and privacy policy
- Update terms to include info about price changing and inform cancel anytime before the trial ends to avoid charges
- Require users to re-accept the privacy or terms when changed
- Implement basic analytics to track user engagement and app performance
- Improve logging

Commit message:

fix: update free trial used flag to boolean in subscription handling

pm/TODO.md, after:

---
description: Tasks and items for the release.
---

# TODO

- Fix custom CTAs based on checkout and subscription status
- Deal with expired plan on client
- Deal with expired plan on the server (should have a plan and not expired to be allowed to use)
- Translate

## 0.1.0-6

- Translate character data to english
  - Action to translate character data
- Add moderation
  - Add community guidelines link to the "Character Builder", chats and settings
  - Give safety feedback on character create/edit
  - Give safety feedback on message send/receive
  - Give safety feedback on fields
  - Add safety inflation flags and strikes
    - Assigning each user a unique ID and imposing a limit on the volume of user queries that can be submitted in a given period
- Fix last dropdown position
- Fix DB on build pre-render
- Check LocaleModal toast translation
- Infinite scroll not working on big screens in Discover characters
- Polish design system

## 0.1.0-7

- Update terms adding community guidelines (character management and messaging)
- Update terms and privacy policy
  - Update terms to include info about price changing and inform cancel anytime before the trial ends to avoid charges
- Require users to re-accept the privacy or terms when changed
- Add more characters pre-created
