pm/TODO.v0.1.0.rc0.md, before:

---
description: Tasks and items for the release.
---

# TODO

## Current Tasks

- [ ] Hide deactivated account

## Features

- Add language assistance
  - Add "about me" textarea in profile to help AI generate message suggestions
  - Add message suggestion generator with a input to prompt (useful for generating from an idea)
  - Add next message suggestions (2-4 options)

- ---
- Add language drawer containing UI language and translation settings
- ---
- Implement basic analytics to track user engagement and app performance
- Add logger

- Add config for time

## Enhancements

- Add option to copy message
---
- Improve brand identity
- Improve the homepage
- Improve the "Pricing" page and set up redirects
- Redesign the authentication route
  - Redesign a auth view on app/ when unauthenticated
- Add privacy info about account deletion (cannot delete before month ends, but users can delete manually before)
- Move the "About" page to the Gaia website

## Bugs

- Fix "Join to app" or "Try again" after checkout
- Prevent from Prompt injection in character instructions, etc.

## Dev Enhancements

- Lint

## Misc

- Translate content to pt-br
- Improve `package.json`
- Improve `README.md`
- Config GitHub repository metadata
- Update GCP metadata

Commit message:

feat: add message input translation
Co-authored-by: Luis Emidio <luisfuturist@gmail.com>

pm/TODO.v0.1.0.rc0.md, after:

---
description: Tasks and items for the release.
---

# TODO

## Current Tasks

- Display error on input translate
- Consider replies in message translations
---
- Hide deactivated account

## Features

- Add language assistance
  - Add "about me" textarea in profile to help AI generate message suggestions
  - Add message suggestion generator with a input to prompt (useful for generating from an idea)
  - Add next message suggestions (2-4 options)

- ---
- Add language drawer containing UI language and translation settings
- ---
- Implement basic analytics to track user engagement and app performance
- Add logger

- Add config for time

## Enhancements

- Add option to copy message
---
- Improve brand identity
- Improve the homepage
- Improve the "Pricing" page and set up redirects
- Redesign the authentication route
  - Redesign a auth view on app/ when unauthenticated
- Add privacy info about account deletion (cannot delete before month ends, but users can delete manually before)
- Move the "About" page to the Gaia website

## Bugs

- Fix "Join to app" or "Try again" after checkout
- Prevent from Prompt injection in character instructions, etc.

## Dev Enhancements

- Lint

## Misc

- Translate content to pt-br
- Improve `package.json`
- Improve `README.md`
- Config GitHub repository metadata
- Update GCP metadata
